Update OIDC connections to use single-step login-action flow (#25659)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/enterprise/security/oidc-connections/create-manage.md

1. Select **Create connection**.
1. Copy your OIDC connection ID.

### Step 2: Update your workflow

Add the OIDC connection ID and your Docker organization name as
[GitHub Actions variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/store-information-in-variables)
in your repository or organization settings. Then update your workflow:

```yaml
permissions:
  contents: read
  id-token: write

> steps:

Author: addressed in https://github.com/docker/docs/pull/25659/commits/e87ed7e8d7a900d1a97fdcfe5147853d8406afd9

  -
    name: Login to Docker Hub

>     uses: docker/login-action@v4

Author: addressed in https://github.com/docker/docs/pull/25659/commits/e87ed7e8d7a900d1a97fdcfe5147853d8406afd9

1. Select **Create connection**.
1. Copy your OIDC connection ID.

### Step 2: Update your workflow

Add the OIDC connection ID and your Docker organization name as
[GitHub Actions variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/store-information-in-variables)

> in your repository or organization settings. Then update your workflow:

Reviewer: Docker organization? GitHub repository? IDK what your take is but since both of us share these words, might want to risk some redundancy to specify which we mean. WYT @gmondello

Author: since this is in GitHub docs and because we use "Docker organization name", I think it will be understood by the reader that the GitHub Actions variables would be stored in the (GitHub) repository or (GitHub) organization settings, so I think this is okay as-is

```yaml
name: ci

on:
  push:
    branches: main

permissions:
  contents: read
  id-token: write

jobs:
  login:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      -
        name: Login to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@{{% param "login_action_version" %}}
        env:

>           DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID: ${{ vars.DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID }}

Reviewer: just to x2 confirm, meant to be an all caps variable?

Reviewer: nvm intentional, yippee

        with:

>           username: ${{ vars.DOCKERHUB_ORGANIZATION }}

Reviewer 2: @dotjoshrc Is `docker-login` action the default way we want to people to use OIDC?

```

> The `id-token: write` permission lets the workflow request a GitHub OIDC

Reviewer: This is a little dense to read as a full paragraph.  We can either add this context next to the key/value pairs as code comments for in-line documentation, or maybe use unordered lists? It's fine as is just a little nit lol:

"
- The workflow requests a GitHub OIDC token with the `id-token: write` permission.
- The `docker/login-action` handles the OIDC token exchange and Docker login in a single step when DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID is set and password is omitted.
- The `username value` must be an organization name. Personal accounts aren't supported.
"

> The `id-token: write` permission lets the workflow request a GitHub OIDC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow requests a GitHub OIDC token with the `id-token: write` permission
```

token. The `docker/login-action` handles the OIDC token exchange and
Docker login in a single step when `DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID` is set
and `password` is omitted.

> The `username` value must be an organization name. Personal accounts
> aren't supported.

Reviewer 3: Maybe use a callout for this and if we have a link to roadmap issue tracking personal accounts support that would be great.

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `username` value must be an organization name. Personal accounts
> aren't supported at the moment.
```
